Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture and this lecture.
We're going to talk about everything important.
Activation function Okay so call of the blue activation function which is the electrified linear unit
function on it.
OK.
Obviously it looks you know kind of very intimidating but trust me it's really simple.
So if you get a call from previous lecture here we had our image.
And the first step that we apply the convolution first layer.
Okay which is kind of in a bunch of feature detectors or kernel's if you as a member we can do like
blurring we can do like sharpening.
And here this is kind of you know like a kid like gum like different variations of our image that contain
the most important and critical information out of our image.
Right.
OK.
And what we do afterwards before we apply we'll call the pwning which is going to be discussing in the
next lecture we apply what we call it here.
LIEU activation function for critics define the linear activation function.
Simply put Luni ears are used to add non-linearity in the future map.
It can be used to enhance what we call it how the image is carried out or the feature map is carried.
Simply put would that elude us is that if any value is below zero it will set it to zero.
So if it's any value it slips a negative it will be zero and after the words if it's positive we're
just going to pass along the exact same values or f of Y actual function of y not equal to Y in a very
separate for storekeeper's kind of like like 45 degrees straight line.
That's for positive values however for negative values which is going to kill these values.
So any negative values are going to kill it to make it said it to zero.
What's the essence of it.
Like why do we do with this.
Let's take a look at this specific practical example.
Let's assume that we have here our feature detectors.
So that's our feature detector.
OK.
So if you take a look.
Let's assume that he'll you know that's.
After we apply our current wrong or our feature detector.
Here we have you know let's say 7 10 minus 5 2 and so on.
What we do with that we take that image and then we feed that image to our guilloux activation function.
We're rectified limited unit function.
What happens is if you take a look here 7 because the value of 7 is positive.
Well it's here somewhere here.
So then the relo we're going to pass it along with the hue and become 7 as is 10 then becomes 10 as
is minus 5.
Then it will be set to zero.
It's kind of like kind of like suppressing it.
It's kind of killing any values that are below zero.
If it's two becomes two if it's 1 1 and so 1 so key or simply put any value of a negative becomes set
to zero.
Kind of suppressing all the values.
Okay what's the advantage of this.
Like what's the point of this.
So what happens here.
Now you have your feature.
It's kind of becomes more scattered.
So here you have instead of having defined values within the features we have let's say 7 10 and then
minus 5 and then minus 6 was kind of like a very high kind of variations were happiness here.
Here you have kind of you know like all of them are asio's all of them are flat and he have kind of
you all sit in like.
Think of it as kind of bunch of mountains.
Like here for example of this kind of a little bit of mountain that's kind of you know make a little
bit make the picture pops up a little bit and there's the overall idea by adding non-linearity within
our network by applying that elu activation function.
So again your objective there are new ways to increase So call this period city of our matrix or make
it like more care and make it you know kind of fear.
Little bit here we have a certain feature in here.
We have a certain feature and here we have a pretty much important feature in here.
Anywhere else just a bunch of zeros.
OK so that would make it all make the job a little bit easier.
When you move forward to the full you connected or fishing in a network.
To be able to detect the features more easily or the one of the more in one of the most important here
for a video exhibition function in the gradient does not vanish.
What do you mean here.
If you look at it you'll see that basically the line we're going to keep going forever.
So if you have let's say like a game like a value of let's say a million the outcome was going to be
million too.
So the gregan does not vanish just keep going.
It's like 45 degrees keep going.
Whatever.
However here if we let's say up leitman another activation function.
What collets sigmoid activation function which looks like this.
You will see that it saturated a little bit.
So simply put if we apply it input let's say let's say like lodged in put it say 10.
You'll find the output the supressed to one which as you know kind of kind of like saturating the outwits
which is why I'm not interested in here.
We don't want the features of the feature let's say to be situated.
Let's take a.
Five available for 10 for example.
Actually we wanted to see these very Asians or these spurious city were how scattered the future is
within our future.
All right.
Okay.
And that's pretty much what I have for this section.
I hope you guys enjoyed it.
And in the future section we're going to learn how can we do Max pooling and flattening and then we're
going to be pretty much ready to start coding our network in Jupiter notebook.
I hope it doesn't do the lecture and see you in the next lecture.